readme.md, before:

<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE; it is auto-generated from readme.txt -->
# User Session Control

![Banner](assets/banner-1544x500.png)
View and manage all active user sessions in a custom admin screen.

**Contributors:** [fjarrett](http://profiles.wordpress.org/fjarrett)  
**Tags:** [login](http://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/login), [users](http://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/users), [security](http://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/security), [sessions](http://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/sessions)  
**Requires at least:** 4.1  
**Tested up to:** 4.1  
**Stable tag:** trunk (master)  
**License:** [GPLv2 or later](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html)  

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fjarrett/user-session-control.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fjarrett/user-session-control) 

## Description ##

**Did you find this plugin helpful? Please consider [writing a review](https://wordpress.org/support/view/plugin-reviews/user-session-control).**

WordPress 4.1 "Dinah" introduced the awesome power of user session management.

However, you are limited to only being able to destroy your own sessions, and you cannot destroy them individually.

This plugin allows Administrators to view and manage all sessions by all users on an individual basis.

* Displays a custom "God view" screen of all active user sessions
* Sort sessions by user, role, creation date, expiry date or IP address
* Quickly and easily destroy sessions you think may be a security risk
* Uses the date and time formats saved under General Settings

**Languages supported:**

* English
* Deutsch
* Español
* Français

**Development of this plugin is done [on GitHub](https://github.com/fjarrett/user-session-control). Pull requests welcome. Please see [issues reported](https://github.com/fjarrett/user-session-control/issues) there before going to the plugin forum.**

## Screenshots ##


## Changelog ##

### 0.2.1 - January 7, 2015 ###
* Localized date format display

Props [fjarrett](https://profiles.wordpress.org/fjarrett/)

### 0.2.0 - January 7, 2015 ###
* Added plugin constants
* Improved translatable strings throughout
* Added language files for French, German and Spanish

Props [fjarrett](https://profiles.wordpress.org/fjarrett/)

### 0.1.0 - January 1, 2015 ###
* Initial release

Props [fjarrett](https://profiles.wordpress.org/fjarrett/)

Commit message:

Update to commit bed6557 from git@github.com:fjarrett/user-session-control.git
git-svn-id: https://plugins.svn.wordpress.org/user-session-control/trunk@1062566 b8457f37-d9ea-0310-8a92-e5e31aec5664

readme.md, after:

<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE; it is auto-generated from readme.txt -->
# User Session Control

![Banner](assets/banner-1544x500.png)
View and manage all active user sessions in a custom admin screen.

**Contributors:** [fjarrett](http://profiles.wordpress.org/fjarrett)  
**Tags:** [login](http://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/login), [users](http://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/users), [security](http://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/security), [sessions](http://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/sessions)  
**Requires at least:** 4.1  
**Tested up to:** 4.1  
**Stable tag:** trunk (master)  
**License:** [GPLv2 or later](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html)  

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fjarrett/user-session-control.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fjarrett/user-session-control) 

## Description ##

**Did you find this plugin helpful? Please consider [writing a review](https://wordpress.org/support/view/plugin-reviews/user-session-control).**

WordPress 4.1 "Dinah" introduced the awesome power of user session management.

However, you are limited to only being able to destroy your own sessions, and you cannot destroy them individually.

This plugin allows Administrators to view and manage all sessions by all users on an individual basis.

* Displays a custom "God view" screen of all active user sessions
* Sort sessions by user, role, creation date, expiry date or IP address
* Quickly and easily destroy sessions you think may be a security risk
* Uses the date and time formats saved under General Settings

**Languages supported:**

* English
* Deutsch
* Español
* Français

**Development of this plugin is done [on GitHub](https://github.com/fjarrett/user-session-control). Pull requests welcome. Please see [issues reported](https://github.com/fjarrett/user-session-control/issues) there before going to the plugin forum.**

## Screenshots ##

### The familiar list table view allows you to view and manage all active user sessions easily.

![The familiar list table view allows you to view and manage all active user sessions easily.](assets/screenshot-1.png)

### All columns are sortable in ascending and descending order so you can quickly find the sessions you are looking for.

![All columns are sortable in ascending and descending order so you can quickly find the sessions you are looking for.](assets/screenshot-2.png)

## Changelog ##

### 0.2.1 - January 7, 2015 ###
* Localized date format display

Props [fjarrett](https://profiles.wordpress.org/fjarrett/)

### 0.2.0 - January 7, 2015 ###
* Added plugin constants
* Improved translatable strings throughout
* Added language files for French, German and Spanish

Props [fjarrett](https://profiles.wordpress.org/fjarrett/)

### 0.1.0 - January 1, 2015 ###
* Initial release

Props [fjarrett](https://profiles.wordpress.org/fjarrett/)
